So let's continue working with these goes to display the letters three entries in the home page of a
storefront.
So we have this Deiter and if taken a hit in the design field we have these images of what we're going
to use BHB again and we have those images.
And then when I click in one of these post you can see that they are added he didn't feature he mentioned
why don't they use a function called the The Boss Thomond and say these and up in the front and again
you can see that we have this image where you can see this image is really really be recreated in the
spec.
The element here on one of these images you can see that we're printing really image and we can print
that Rismiller Bertran this way our Web site is going to run faster.
So we're going up and again these edit posts and Ngwenya routines.
The discipline that will help us when you are developing a WordPress theme.
So for example if you open the media you can see that now we have several images and if you want to
make a change in the sizes of the images you have to do two things.
First is to write some BHB code.
What can happen when I scroll to the top and I'm going to have a cold call and rehear function or in
a underscore Serap and we're going to have decent live action out there said Tim.
Then when I come in with these so these are the functions that are going to be executed.
For example when you activate the deam and I went to I've asked size.
So for example if you want to add more menus you can add the Frenchman right here.
In this case I went up and the match sites said whether you register as size for these emerges so another
image size and fears you pass the names or an entry then you are there with 400 pixels than the height.
Two hundred and sixty two hundred fifty seven pixels.
And then if you want to grab the match you pass through or falls.
So now we have this image register this image size and for example if you open the break you don't know
plot's 2017 you will find that we have some different sizes.
So we need to we need to create these new size right here two that were present in wordpress will create
a new version of these images with the sizes in their discipline call and I'm going to focus on new
drug that dominates this way we don't have to reapply the images is going to be called regenerate dominates
these brilliant and we're not done now.
And then when I click with the brain you can see it has one million active installs.
Really popular.
And so once you install and activate the plan you have to get the kid on tools and regenerate them.
And then you only have these.
So you could be here and now what happen in.
So let's continue working with this example.
Scroll to the bottom and then for example I'm going to continue writing these doc there types to regenerate
the tongue and he's going to continue running.
So for example here I'm going to give a class and three title something like that.
Then we can have another one.
We're going deep it's going to be called anti-condom.
All these classes of these we establish and we see a then for example if you take a look here on the
side we have these died or we have these and that is right here.
But we have the same theory by and the one of the would have been by
BHP and we're going to use a function called the outer that's going to bring the outthought and then
what I the.
And we're going to the east and then we're going out to these play dates and then going to yourself
all the time and then when need to bus get option and we're going to use that for my.
So now for example I can save these up in the browser or.
And I can see we can buy and then we have I mean and then we've had to date the display of the date
is going to be controlled by WordPress for clicking on settings general
at the bar and you can see that we have the formats so you can select phone de-friend data formats right
here and you can see this is the thing that we have here.
If you're up in the region 800 stars you can see now it's just 100 percent.
So we can now use that size and you can see that we have some Sysyphus for candidate and two candidates
two hundred fifty seven and so now that size has been raised they're going to scroll to the top to copy
the name block entry scroll to the bottom again and rake it on the bottom and then I'm going to pass
the size inside single quotes block entry so save these and up in the front and then Rudel and you can
see we have live images and that's better especially to know the Web site faster.
So let's continue working with these we these three share.
And then I want to clear the glass to share.
But instead of being idea it is going to be a.
So you can have multiple vendors.
In this case for example we have an entry and the top section is going to be using whatever carrier
class for that attack.
Then if you take a look here there is saying we need to bring this content in we're going to use that
BHP function BHP that is in a way and we can use Wordpress function.
For example you can use the EXOR Deandra services mount a portion of the world content.
So we're going to see these up and these and reload you can see we have the text right here.
Bath for example you can add on to the content and the content will display all the content that is
available in that entry.
You can see that's a lot of code.
So I'm going to remove these.
And then when I create a variable called content equals two and I'm going to use a function called Dolby
underscore DreamWorks and then when I get the content as a parameter and the second is the number of
letters the second one is the number of words.
Do you want to dream what you want to trim the content.
So I mean at any rate you so next thing when I have a cool content save these and reload and then you
can see how my lower portion that you can see that we have these three dots if we want to keep these
three dots you can buy some of that aren't there and you can these and the hello and I you can see that
we get rid of these three dots.
You can use had other Rachida for example know and you can see right here.
So this is the connives with Capri into the much tighter the outer date.
And these contain So we need to have one final piece is these read the more text and right here I am
going to add an anchor and they're going to be in England.
The permalink the permalink will create different links to the Fernet that is.
So for example if you click here this will open the content of this entry if you click here it's going
to load this entry or if you click here it's going to load the entry so we're going up Azeez.
And then going to have a class on a class and again what I'm going to use and the link and right here
the text says Read more read more.
And again we're going to use an entity drak so save these and Rouleau
and you can who have Pridmore you and now for example if we click here it's going up and the entry and
if you click here it's going to bring in now these Hindery.
And finally victory here is going to bring in this one.
So what Almazan with this example you can see is looking great.
We only need to have some success if we needed this example and we're going to try this.
Says in the next video.